that's cash is one of the funniest
writers ever his latest number one
bestseller is called Calypso and now
he'll teach you to write one for
yourself with his master class online
how does your trip in got any big plans
for the weekend these are questions if
it's a question you've heard in a hotel
or a store forget it
there's no place to go with those
questions that's a small talk question I
like a question like do you know many
people in wheelchairs good question
[Applause]
[Music]
sure how to sit down in this jacket this
is quite an ensemble you put two did you
put this together I put it together
because the jacket didn't come with the
culottes uh-huh or the knee socks but I
thought huh but it's not actually the
strangest part of it I my sister Amy you
know she's an actress yes she told me
that's on those award shows everyone is
held together with tape and like girding
uh-huh and so I watched a little bit of
the Academy Awards and I thought I
wonder if the men are wearing things too
then yesterday I found out they made
Spanx for men mm-hmm I went to bought
some I'm wearing two right now and I
went to the store and it's like a
t-shirt for a baby
that's what it looks like and I'm
wearing it and I couldn't really button
this jacket before are you on tour right
now you finished just finishing up your
live tour I did a tour of Australia tour
most raelia and you will go on these
tours you will read your work to people
and then you talk to the people
afterwards well when I first moved to
New York I went to saw a play and it was
Wallace Sean you know a monologue and it
was in a small theater but I remember I
went and we walked into the theater and
this man shook my hand
it was Wallace Sean and he shook
everyone's hand as I walked into the
theater and when I saw the play I
realized if I would never have admitted
to myself let's say that the play was
dull or that it was slow because I
thought I know him I'm selling his side
because I shook my hand so I like to be
there early and then I'd meet people
beforehand I'm like fine books
afterwards you find everyone to be
interesting in some way true yeah I mean
I think if you make people comfortable
uh-huh and they can you know sometimes
people come and they want to tell you a
story and it's not that interesting
right but there's something behind it or
maybe you like this woman came and and I
said is your dad cheap and she said oh
my god how did you know she's
my dad was so cheap when I was in high
school when people would roll the house
he would make us collect the toilet
paper and use it and if it got rained on
they had to put it on racks and dry it
out but can you imagine you're in high
school and your friends come over and
you have hefty bags in your bathroom
filled with that weirdly textured rained
on then dried out toilet paper and he
wouldn't buy anymore until they've used
it for him it was like money was coming
from the sky it's a positive way to look
at it I don't love a thing like that you
have oh yeah I love it too you have this
master class and I wonder and I was
watching it I am gonna watch the whole
thing because I think you are one of the
best writers ever and can people really
learn how to be funny up from from
watching this oh I don't know I mean I
think they can be reminded of certain
things mm-hmm you know I mean quite
often some I'll see something and people
will say no you didn't you didn't that
didn't happen you didn't see that
and it's like no you didn't see it cuz
you're on your phone every second I
could get on a hotel elevator naked and
no one would notice
have you tried that I was in a hotel and
I saw a guy in the hallway and he was
wearing nothing but like a t-shirt but
though it was it was like oh like a
woman's t-shirt and he pulled it down as
far as he could and it was like two
o'clock in the morning at a Holiday Inn
in Buffalo and that's and he was in the
hallway and I think about it to this day
that I should have said can I give you a
towel where is he I couldn't figure out
what the story was he got locked out of
his room he made a dash for ice it
wasn't his room Oh
welcome he was a sexual predator I guess
and it's probably better that you didn't
engage him but you will engage people
and you will have experiences
intentionally that other people might
not want to have like you know there
might be something that sounds terrible
and you will go along with it
well it's a I mean the thing is that
it's a perfect way to meet people right
because they're standing in line to see
you and talk to you so you can talk to
them in a way if you were a customer
service representative you couldn't talk
to people in that same way mm-hmm right
yes when I was in Australia I met this
woman she came through the books online
and she said I'm at the age now where
when I wake up in the morning I'm so
ugly my iPhone doesn't recognize me you
know that must happen so insulted your
phone recognized you ever keep in touch
with these people you meet someone and
then I have kept in touch with them I
met this guy years ago and I said what
do you do for a living and he said well
I'm mentally ill and that keeps me
pretty busy number people who I've met
you know because sometimes it must be
like this for you you're a family you
have a full-time job and it must be hard
for you to have like close friends you
know like a lot of but but what I kind
of like that you can just they can still
be your friend but they're just your
friend that way mm-hmm maybe you see him
once every year and a half for a few
minutes you still think of me as your
friends yes yes I know it's really to me
that's a great little relationship you
know you talk to somebody for two
minutes and you learn a little something
they learn a little something and then
we move on then that's it are you still
writing unusual things in people's books
when they they come to your signings you
know what happens more and more often as
people get I just had a couple books
returned to me
and really it was a moment I met in
Australia and she said we you sign a
book - let's say Robert I said who's
Robert and she said he's my boyfriend
and I said well you know that's great
but I said don't get too attached to him
because he's gonna die one day and then
I wrote I drew I jus his tombstone in
her book when I took the time and I drew
it really nice and I do and I was
talking to her about this and that the
whole time and then she sent the books
back to me you know how dare you I know
he's gonna die I don't need to be
reminded of it and and you think about
this the next time you insult somebody
but an insult to me would be if you came
to get a books on you know one like this
yeah I don't know what we're gonna
that's an insult right it's not an
insult if I talk to you and I ask you
questions and I said you know what do
you think he's gonna die off
[Applause]
learn everything that he knows and
Calypso is available in paperback those
we got back up super high MTV kill them
click below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel or if you want to be that way
about adults